# Tank Wars
## Contributors
  * Guandong Liu, liu.gu@husky.neu.edu
  * Gefei Tian, tian.g@husky.neu.edu

## Abstract
The goal for this project is to recreate the classic NES game Battle War from Nintendo. The original game can be played by one player in different mode and different map.

## Introduction
Tank war project is a multiplayer tank battle game. Each player can control a tank to fight against other player. The game has two different modes, competitive and death match. 

In the competitive mode, the player who destroys other player's tank wins the game.

In the death match mode, each player earns one point by killing other player, and the player who scores more points in the limited time wins the game.

## Gameplay
  * Start the game
    In order to start the game, the players should select mode type and their tank type by IO stream. They input from console window and the game will be generated by their choices
  * Movement
    Player1 uses the keys “w”, “s”, “a” and “d” to move and player2 simply uses the arrow keys to move. Players cannot across walls and go outside the map.
  * Fire & Ultimate
    A player can fire bullets or use ultimate. Both bullet and ultimate will disappear if they go out of the bound, e.g. go outside map. The difference between bullet and ultimate is that a bullet cannot go across wall but an ultimate can. Besides, ultimate gains more points than bullets. Player1 uses the key “left shift” to fire and “q” to use ultimate while player2 uses the key “right shift” to fire and “p” to use ultimate.
  * End the game
    When reaching the winning condition, the game will be end immediately and the system will not receive any keyboard requests.

## Reference
  * Apple. "Old Games Are Still In - GamesSaga.com." GamesSaga.com. N.p., 15 Aug. 2014. Web. 15 Dec. 2016.
  * "Battle City." Pukmo. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Dec. 2016.
  * Getjar.com. "Battle City Tank." Free Battle City Tank APK Download For Android | GetJar. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Dec. 2016.
  * "Tank 1990 APK Download Free." Bulledi Pc | Download Free Software and Games. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Dec. 2016.
  * Baclawski, Ken. "NU CCIS Ontology Web Site." College of Computer and Information Science. N.p., n.d. Web. 15 Dec. 2016.
